[F#] Create DateTime in dates exercise (#990)
exercism/v3: languages/fsharp/exercises/concept/dates/.docs/hints.md

- The tests are running as if running on a machine in the United States, which means that when converting a `DateTime` to a `string` will return dates and time in US format.
- There is a [built-in method][to-string] to convert a `DateTime` instance to a `string`. If you are using `sprintf`, instead of using the `%s` string placeholder, there is [another placeholder][object-placeholder] that will automatically call the aforementioned method.

### 5. Return the anniversary date

- Use one of the various `DateTime` [constructors][constructors] to create a new `DateTime` instance.

> - You can use one of the current date time`s [properties][properties] to get the current year.

Reviewer: This should be an apostrophe instead of a backtick
```suggestion
- You can use one of the current date time's [properties][properties] to get the current year.
```

Author: Good catch!
